ID:00001
TITLE:Machine Learning/NLP Engineer
META:Company Name Netpace  Company Location San Francisco, California
Skills: Python, Machine Learning, NLP
One of our startup client is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to work on their automated recruiting assistant, a chat agent that communicates directly with candidates to help them through the job application process, administering pre-screening and assessments, scheduling in-person interviews, delivering on-boarding materials, and more.
The ideal candidate has:
- Bachelor in Computer Science or closely related fields or equivalent
Work experience
- Understanding of state of the art machine learning techniques
- Exposure to NLP concepts
- 12+ months Python experience
- Experience with sklearn, keras, tensorflow, etc.
- Consistently delivers tests and lint free code
|||||
ID:00002
TITLE:Machine Learning / Deep Learning / Data Engineer
META:Company Name GrokStyle  Company Location San Francisco, California
GrokStyle is a deep learning AI company, focused on building fine-grained recognition systems for retail and e-commerce applications. We provide new capabilities to consumers and retailers to assist in matching a consumer’s desired product with the correct or closest matching product based on visual similarity, given a photograph on the web or one taken on their cell phone.
Requirements
Skills we're looking for:
Strong experience in Python, with previous software engineering background
Experience with machine learning, training classifiers, train/ test split etc.
Experience with setting up pipelines for realworld machine learning problems, and processing/ preparing real datasets
Bonus skills: Experience with Javascript, HTML, CSS, or experience with Django, Postgres and Celery. Prior computer vision expertise is a big addition
|||||
ID:00003
TITLE:Deep Learning Researcher (Natural Language Processing)
META:Company Name Big Cloud  Company Location San Francisco, California
Deep learning researcher required to support the CTO of a highly successful and specialized intelligent search company that supports the world's most lucrative industry.
This role requires an advanced degree from one of the top tier tech schools and most importantly requires a mature and pragmatic approach to solving complex, real-world business problems.
The platform is an intelligent search engine so will require a strong mathematical approach to various natural language processing problems, including the use of deep neural networks for advanced linguistic search.
Role requirements:
Advanced degree (Masters or PhD) from a tier one technology college
Publications from top-tier conferences (NIPS, ICML, IJCAI, AAAI, ACL, EMNLP)
Proven experience working on a variety of NLP projects, productization of code would be a huge plus
In-depth knowledge of; machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, natural language processing
Expert programmer
Experience with deep learning frameworks and toolkits
|||||
ID:00004
TITLE:Computer Vision Engineer
META:Company Name Argo AI  Company Location San Francisco Bay Area
At Argo AI, we are working to transform the world of transportation by bringing fully autonomous self-driving cars safely into widespread use. We already have some of the world’s most experienced leaders in the field, with expertise ranging from complex robotics algorithms to production software development to sophisticated hardware design and production. We are looking for highly motivated, technically deep engineers and applied scientists to join our team and help us realize this vision.
In particular, we are looking for candidates with sharpened skills that include:
Strong theoretical and applied skills in all areas of computer vision and/or robotics perception applicable to robotic platforms.
Computer Vision areas include: Structure-from-motion, calibration, pose estimation, scene reconstruction, (multi-view/motion) stereo, optical flow, image/point cloud registration and object tracking as well as more machine learning oriented areas such as object detection, place recognition, scene understanding/interpretation among others.
Robotics perception areas overlap these and include: Object detection, large scale SLAM/localization, visual/lidar inertial pose estimation, probabilistic filtering and state estimation, ground surface estimation, terrain classification, place recognition among others.
Preference for technically deep candidates that know a diversity of algorithmic approaches and can apply and extend them flexibly with an eye towards pragmatically choosing the best performing algorithm based on data for the problem at hand.
Strong software skills are required but we are language agnostic. A willingness to gain stronger software engineering knowledge and deep expertise in C++ and/or python is required.
Strong presentation and communication skills are desired.
Education:
A Master's degree or equivalent experience is required for this position.
|||||
ID:00005
TITLE:Machine Learning Engineer
META:Company Name Dropbox  Company Location San Francisco, CA, US
Machine Learning Engineer
Dropbox simplifies the way people work together. Hundreds of millions of people around the world use Dropbox to work the way they want, on any device, wherever they go. As we scale our global brand, there’s plenty of space for you to grow alongside us and simplify life for millions of people globally.
Responsibilities
Work within the Machine Learning Team to design, code, train, test, deploy and iterate on large scale machine learning systems.
Build delightful products and experiences for millions, while working alongside an excellent, cross-functional team across Engineering, Product and Design.
Help shape the direction of machine learning and artificial intelligence at Dropbox.
Dropbox is looking for Machine Learning Engineers with an academic or practical background in machine learning, ideally with experience in natural language understanding, information retrieval, knowledge extraction, or deep learning.
Minimum Qualifications
Qualifications
BS and MS in Computer Science or related field with research in machine learning
Three years experience building machine learning or AI systems
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages including but not limited to Python, C/C++
Experience with machine learning software packages ( e.g., scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Caffe, Theano, Torch)
|||||

